doc: tfm: generalize info about UART (#22632)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/security/tfm/tfm_logging.rst

Configuring logging
*******************

You can configure TF-M to connect to the same UART as the application.

> Setting the appropriate Kconfig option makes TF-M logs visible on the application's VCOM, without manual connection.

Reviewer: Only DKs have VCOMs, so I suggest we change this to UART to keep the explanation generic

The UART instances can vary by device family:

* nRF5340 and nRF91 Series: The application typically uses UART instance ``0``, and TF-M uses UART instance ``1`` by default.
* nRF54L Series: The application typically uses UART instance ``20`` (``uart20``), and TF-M uses a different UART instance by default (check the devicetree specification for the board target you are using).

> To configure TF-M to connect to the same UART as the application, you can use the ``CONFIG_TFM_SECURE_UART`` Kconfig options, for example :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_TFM_SECURE_UART0` or :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_TFM_SECURE_UART20` for the examples above.

Reviewer 2: I tried to set CONFIG_TFM_SECURE_UART20=y for nRF54L15 but get compile errors since UART30 is hard-coded as secure uart for TF-M in cmake:
modules/tee/tf-m/trusted-firmware-m/platform/ext/target/nordic_nrf/common/nrf54l/config.cmake

Author: Is there a way to have TF-M logs visible on nRF54L15 then?

> When building TF-M with logging enabled, the default TF-M UART instance must be disabled in the non-secure application, otherwise the non-secure application will fail to run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When building TF-M with logging enabled, UART instance used by TF-M must be disabled in the non-secure application, otherwise the non-secure application will fail to run.
```

> The recommended way to do this is to copy the :file:`.overlay` file from the :ref:`tfm_hello_world` sample.

Reviewer 2: tfm_hello_world does not have any overlay files
